---
title: Outbreak
layout: post
date: '2018-01-12 15:35:35 +0000'
background: https://cdnb.artstation.com/p/assets/images/images/004/040/769/large/ricky-ho-zombie-alley.jpg?1479754248
tags:
- Fiction
subtitle: Something's wrong in the dorm.
artist: artstation.com/ricky_ho
---

# Why do you want to join AMRITA-CS-STAR?
As it is conducting many workshops based on different fields and aslo gives oppurtunities to work in various research areas and also we will be able to do extra projects in research areas. As there are many workshops we will be able to get experience in various fields and we can be getting to know trending areas, and become confident in an area of specialisation.And by joining it we can improve our Self-Learning skills. 


# What are your Intrests?


# Under the rug
Moreover, I badly need to take time off consuming content and put it to good use analyzing and creating. The past few months have
been a true eye opener for me, and I was exposed to an array of critical topics like politics, human psychology, the big picture,
superstitions, and decisive observations on a lot of things that happen behind the scenes. This will be a place where I can analyze
what I've consumed, and develop a perspective. The interest has also extended to influence others.

# This is good, right?
If everything else is a delusion, this is atleast a good way to spend time. This will also aid me in refining my vocab and communication style. I've always wanted to learn and master critical writing, and writing in general. And lastly, this will also make me tinker more with github and Jekyll and NodeJs and a plethora of the other options out there on the web.

# Box of chocolates
This is going to be awesome! I'm gonna write fiction, non-fiction, some songs maybe, and what not. Just that I'll take more time
developing and refining the articles, to make it a notch better than <a href="http://tlojarus.blogspot.in/">TLOj</a>.<br>
Here's to a bright future filled with hope and better conscience!
